[move-mutator][move-spec-test] review remarks (#86)
eigerco/aptos-core: third_party/move/tools/move-spec-test/README.md

tests like:
```bash
./target/release/move spec-test -p third_party/move/tools/move-mutator/tests/move-assets/simple
```

> You should see different results for different modules as it depends on the
> quality of the specifications. Some modules like `Sum` has good specifications
> and all mutants are killed, while others like `Operators` may lack some tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should see different results for different modules as it depends on the
quality of the specifications. Some modules, like Sum, have good specifications,
and all mutants are killed, while others, like Operators, may lack some tests.
```

Author: Done.

You can also try the Move Prover testsuite available in the
`third_party/move/move-prover/tests/sources/` directory.

> To check some real-world examples, you can use the following places:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check some real-world examples, apply the `spec-test` tool to these packages:
```

Author: Done.

- `aptos-move/framework/move-stdlib`
- `aptos-move/framework/aptos-stdlib`

> You should see the results of the tests for the whole stdlib packages. There
> can be some modules which have better specifications quality (more mutants
> killed) and some which have worse quality (fewer mutants killed). It is also
> possible that some modules have no mutants killed at all which can be a sign
> that there are no specifications at all, or they are not tight enough.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should see the results of the tests for both stdlib packages. There
can be some modules with better specification quality (more mutants
killed) and some with worse quality (fewer mutants killed). Modules
can have no mutants killed at all, which then can indicate:
- the module has no specifications at all,
- the module has poor specifications, which are not tight enough.
```

> It's recommended to generate a report in a JSON format and analyze it to see
> which mutants are not killed and what are the differences between the original
> and modified code. This can help to improve the specifications and make them
> more tight and correct or it may indicate that some specifications some
> mutation operators are not applicable well to that kind of code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's recommended to generate a report in a JSON format and analyze it to see
which mutants are not killed and what the differences are between the original
and modified code. This can help improve the specifications to make them
more tight and correct, or it may indicate that some specifications of
mutation operators do not apply well to that kind of code.
```
